To download and install Flutter on Windows, you can follow these steps:

Step 1: Check system requirements
Before installing Flutter, ensure that your system meets the following requirements:
- Operating System: Windows 7 SP1 or later (64-bit)
- Disk Space: 400 MB (excluding IDE and additional plugins)
- Tools: Git for Windows (if not already installed)

Step 2: Download Flutter
1. Visit the official Flutter website: https://flutter.dev/
2. Click on the "Get Started" button.
3. Scroll down and click on the "Windows" tab.
4. Click on the "Download Flutter SDK for Windows" button to download the Flutter SDK as a ZIP archive.

Step 3: Extract the Flutter SDK
1. Locate the downloaded ZIP file (flutter_windows_xxx.zip) and extract it to a suitable location on your computer (e.g., C:\src\flutter). This will create the Flutter installation directory.

Step 4: Update system PATH variable
1. Open File Explorer and right-click on "This PC" or "My Computer".
2. Select "Properties" from the context menu.
3. Click on "Advanced system settings" on the left side of the window.
4. In the System Properties window, click on the "Environment Variables" button.
5. In the "System Variables" section, scroll down and select the "Path" variable, then click on the "Edit" button.
6. Click on the "New" button and add the full path to the "bin" directory inside the Flutter installation directory (e.g., C:\src\flutter\bin).
7. Click "OK" on all the open windows to save the changes.

Step 5: Install Dart SDK
1. Visit the Dart SDK download page: https://dart.dev/tools/sdk/archive
2. Under the "Windows" section, click on the "64-bit" link to download the Dart SDK as a ZIP archive.
3. Locate the downloaded ZIP file (dartsdk-windows-x64-release.zip) and extract it to a suitable location on your computer (e.g., C:\src\dart).

Step 6: Update the PATH variable for Dart SDK
1. Follow the same steps as in Step 4 to open the Environment Variables window.
2. In the "System Variables" section, scroll down and select the "Path" variable, then click on the "Edit" button.
3. Click on the "New" button and add the full path to the "bin" directory inside the Dart SDK installation directory (e.g., C:\src\dart\bin).
4. Click "OK" on all the open windows to save the changes.

Step 7: Verify the installation
1. Open a new Command Prompt window by pressing Win + R, typing "cmd," and hitting Enter.
2. Run the following command to verify that Flutter is correctly installed:
   ```
   flutter doctor
   ```
   This command checks the Flutter installation and reports any issues or missing dependencies. Follow the instructions if any issues are found.

That's it! You have successfully downloaded and installed Flutter on your Windows system. Now you can start developing Flutter applications.